now there was a long war between the
now there was a long war between the house of soul and the house of David but
house of soul and the house of David but
house of soul and the house of David but David grew stronger and stronger and the
David grew stronger and stronger and the
David grew stronger and stronger and the house of Saul grew weaker and weaker
house of Saul grew weaker and weaker
house of Saul grew weaker and weaker sons were born to David in Hebron his
sons were born to David in Hebron his
sons were born to David in Hebron his firstborn was unknown by a hinoa
firstborn was unknown by a hinoa
firstborn was unknown by a hinoa the Jezreel itis his second
the Jezreel itis his second
the Jezreel itis his second chiliad by Abigail the widow of neighbor
chiliad by Abigail the widow of neighbor
chiliad by Abigail the widow of neighbor the carmelite the third Absalom the son
the carmelite the third Absalom the son
the carmelite the third Absalom the son of America the daughter of Talman king
of America the daughter of Talman king
of America the daughter of Talman king of gisha
of gisha
of gisha the fourth aden idea
the fourth aden idea
the fourth aden idea the son of hagath the fifth chef attire
the son of hagath the fifth chef attire
the son of hagath the fifth chef attire the son of a beater and the six III on
the son of a beater and the six III on
the son of a beater and the six III on by David's wife Edler
by David's wife Edler
by David's wife Edler these were born to David in Hebron now
these were born to David in Hebron now
these were born to David in Hebron now it was so while there was war between
it was so while there was war between
it was so while there was war between the house of Saul and the house of David
the house of Saul and the house of David
the house of Saul and the house of David that Abner was strengthening his hold on
that Abner was strengthening his hold on
that Abner was strengthening his hold on the house of Saul and Saul had a
the house of Saul and Saul had a
the house of Saul and Saul had a concubine whose name was rizpah the
concubine whose name was rizpah the
concubine whose name was rizpah the daughter of a ax so ish pochette said to
daughter of a ax so ish pochette said to
daughter of a ax so ish pochette said to Abner why have you gone in to my
Abner why have you gone in to my
Abner why have you gone in to my father's concubine then Abner became
father's concubine then Abner became
father's concubine then Abner became very angry at the words of ish pochette
very angry at the words of ish pochette
very angry at the words of ish pochette am i a dog's head that belongs to Judah
am i a dog's head that belongs to Judah
am i a dog's head that belongs to Judah today I show loyalty to the house of
today I show loyalty to the house of
today I show loyalty to the house of Saul your father to his brothers and to
Saul your father to his brothers and to
Saul your father to his brothers and to his friends and have not delivered you
his friends and have not delivered you
his friends and have not delivered you into the hand of David and you charge me
into the hand of David and you charge me
into the hand of David and you charge me today with a fault concerning this woman
today with a fault concerning this woman
today with a fault concerning this woman may God do so to Avner and more also if
may God do so to Avner and more also if
may God do so to Avner and more also if I do not do for David as the Lord has
I do not do for David as the Lord has
I do not do for David as the Lord has sworn to him to transfer the kingdom
sworn to him to transfer the kingdom
sworn to him to transfer the kingdom from the house of Saul and set up the
from the house of Saul and set up the
from the house of Saul and set up the throne of David over Israel and over
throne of David over Israel and over
throne of David over Israel and over Judah from Dan to Beersheba and he could
Judah from Dan to Beersheba and he could
Judah from Dan to Beersheba and he could not answer Abner another word because he
not answer Abner another word because he
not answer Abner another word because he feared him
feared him
feared him then Avner sent messengers on his behalf
then Avner sent messengers on his behalf
then Avner sent messengers on his behalf to David whose is the land make your
to David whose is the land make your
to David whose is the land make your covenant with me and indeed my hand
covenant with me and indeed my hand
covenant with me and indeed my hand shall be with you to bring all Israel to
shall be with you to bring all Israel to
shall be with you to bring all Israel to you good I will make a covenant with you
you good I will make a covenant with you
you good I will make a covenant with you but one thing I require of you you shall
but one thing I require of you you shall
but one thing I require of you you shall not see my face unless you first bring
not see my face unless you first bring
not see my face unless you first bring Michal Saul's daughter when you come to
Michal Saul's daughter when you come to
Michal Saul's daughter when you come to see my face so David sent messengers to
see my face so David sent messengers to
see my face so David sent messengers to ish pochette Saul's son give me my wife
ish pochette Saul's son give me my wife
ish pochette Saul's son give me my wife Michael who my betrothed to myself for a
Michael who my betrothed to myself for a
Michael who my betrothed to myself for a hundred foreskins of the Philistines and
hundred foreskins of the Philistines and
hundred foreskins of the Philistines and ish moshav sent and took her from her
ish moshav sent and took her from her
ish moshav sent and took her from her husband from pelty l the son of liege
husband from pelty l the son of liege
husband from pelty l the son of liege then our husband went along with her to
then our husband went along with her to
then our husband went along with her to pur hear him weeping behind her so Abner
pur hear him weeping behind her so Abner
pur hear him weeping behind her so Abner said to him go return and he returned
said to him go return and he returned
said to him go return and he returned now Abner had communicated with the
now Abner had communicated with the
now Abner had communicated with the elders of Israel in time past you were
elders of Israel in time past you were
elders of Israel in time past you were seeking for David to be king over you
seeking for David to be king over you
seeking for David to be king over you now then do it for the Lord has spoken
now then do it for the Lord has spoken
now then do it for the Lord has spoken of David saying by the hand of my
of David saying by the hand of my
of David saying by the hand of my servant David I will save my people
servant David I will save my people
servant David I will save my people Israel from the hand of the Philistines
Israel from the hand of the Philistines
Israel from the hand of the Philistines at the hand of all their enemies and
at the hand of all their enemies and
at the hand of all their enemies and Abner also spoke in the hearing of
Abner also spoke in the hearing of
Abner also spoke in the hearing of Benjamin that Abner also went to speak
Benjamin that Abner also went to speak
Benjamin that Abner also went to speak in the hearing of David in Hebron all
in the hearing of David in Hebron all
in the hearing of David in Hebron all that seemed good to Israel and the whole
that seemed good to Israel and the whole
that seemed good to Israel and the whole house of Benjamin so Abner and twenty
house of Benjamin so Abner and twenty
house of Benjamin so Abner and twenty men with him came to David at Hebron and
men with him came to David at Hebron and
men with him came to David at Hebron and David made a feast for Abner and the men
David made a feast for Abner and the men
David made a feast for Abner and the men who were with him then
who were with him then
who were with him then Abner said to David I will arise and go
Abner said to David I will arise and go
Abner said to David I will arise and go and gather all Israel - my lord the king
and gather all Israel - my lord the king
and gather all Israel - my lord the king that they may make a covenant with you
that they may make a covenant with you
that they may make a covenant with you and that you may reign over all that
and that you may reign over all that
and that you may reign over all that your heart desires so David sent Abner
your heart desires so David sent Abner
your heart desires so David sent Abner away
away
away and he went in peace at that moment the
and he went in peace at that moment the
and he went in peace at that moment the servants of David and Joab came from a
servants of David and Joab came from a
servants of David and Joab came from a raid and brought much spoiled with them
raid and brought much spoiled with them
raid and brought much spoiled with them but Abner was not with David in Hebron
but Abner was not with David in Hebron
but Abner was not with David in Hebron for he had sent him away and he had gone
for he had sent him away and he had gone
for he had sent him away and he had gone in peace when Joab and all the troops
in peace when Joab and all the troops
in peace when Joab and all the troops that were with him had come they told
that were with him had come they told
that were with him had come they told Joe had Abner the son of Newark came to
Joe had Abner the son of Newark came to
Joe had Abner the son of Newark came to the king and he sent him away and he has
the king and he sent him away and he has
the king and he sent him away and he has gone in peace then Joab came to the king
gone in peace then Joab came to the king
gone in peace then Joab came to the king what have you done look
what have you done look
what have you done look Abner came to you why is it that you
Abner came to you why is it that you
Abner came to you why is it that you sent him away and he has already gone
sent him away and he has already gone
sent him away and he has already gone surely you realize that Abner the son of
surely you realize that Abner the son of
surely you realize that Abner the son of nur came to deceive you to know your
nur came to deceive you to know your
nur came to deceive you to know your going out and your coming in and to know
going out and your coming in and to know
going out and your coming in and to know all that you are doing and when Jove had
all that you are doing and when Jove had
all that you are doing and when Jove had gone from David's presence he sent
gone from David's presence he sent
gone from David's presence he sent messengers after Abner who brought him
messengers after Abner who brought him
messengers after Abner who brought him back from the well of cider but David
back from the well of cider but David
back from the well of cider but David did not know it now when Abner had
did not know it now when Abner had
did not know it now when Abner had returned to Hebron Joab took him aside
returned to Hebron Joab took him aside
returned to Hebron Joab took him aside in the gate to speak with him privately
in the gate to speak with him privately
in the gate to speak with him privately and there stabbed him in the stomach so
and there stabbed him in the stomach so
and there stabbed him in the stomach so that he died for the blood of a Sahel
that he died for the blood of a Sahel
that he died for the blood of a Sahel his brother afterward when David heard
his brother afterward when David heard
his brother afterward when David heard it he said My Kingdom and I are
it he said My Kingdom and I are
it he said My Kingdom and I are guiltless before the Lord for ever of
guiltless before the Lord for ever of
guiltless before the Lord for ever of the blood of Abner the son of nirn let
the blood of Abner the son of nirn let
the blood of Abner the son of nirn let it rest on the head of Joab and on all
it rest on the head of Joab and on all
it rest on the head of Joab and on all his father's house and let there never
his father's house and let there never
his father's house and let there never fail to be in the house of Joab one who
fail to be in the house of Joab one who
fail to be in the house of Joab one who has a discharge or is a leper who leans
has a discharge or is a leper who leans
has a discharge or is a leper who leans on a staff or falls by the sword or who
on a staff or falls by the sword or who
on a staff or falls by the sword or who lacks bread
lacks bread
lacks bread so Joab and Abishai his brother killed
so Joab and Abishai his brother killed
so Joab and Abishai his brother killed Abner because he had killed their
Abner because he had killed their
Abner because he had killed their brother a Sahel at Gibeon in the battle
brother a Sahel at Gibeon in the battle
brother a Sahel at Gibeon in the battle then David said to Joab and to all the
then David said to Joab and to all the
then David said to Joab and to all the people who were with him tear your
people who were with him tear your
people who were with him tear your clothes gird yourselves with sackcloth
clothes gird yourselves with sackcloth
clothes gird yourselves with sackcloth and mourn forever and King David
and mourn forever and King David
and mourn forever and King David followed the coffin so they buried Abner
followed the coffin so they buried Abner
followed the coffin so they buried Abner in Hebron and the king lifted up his
in Hebron and the king lifted up his
in Hebron and the king lifted up his voice and wept at the grave of Abner and
voice and wept at the grave of Abner and
voice and wept at the grave of Abner and all the people wept and the King sang a
all the people wept and the King sang a
all the people wept and the King sang a lament over Abner should have no died as
lament over Abner should have no died as
lament over Abner should have no died as a fool dies your hands were not bound
a fool dies your hands were not bound
a fool dies your hands were not bound nor your feet put into fetters as a man
nor your feet put into fetters as a man
nor your feet put into fetters as a man falls before wicked men so you fell then
falls before wicked men so you fell then
falls before wicked men so you fell then all the people wept over him again and
all the people wept over him again and
all the people wept over him again and when all the people came to persuade
when all the people came to persuade
when all the people came to persuade David to eat food while it was still day
David to eat food while it was still day
David to eat food while it was still day David took an oath God do so to me and
David took an oath God do so to me and
David took an oath God do so to me and more also if I taste bread or anything
more also if I taste bread or anything
more also if I taste bread or anything else till the Sun Goes Down now all the
else till the Sun Goes Down now all the
else till the Sun Goes Down now all the people took note of it and it pleased
people took note of it and it pleased
people took note of it and it pleased them since whatever the king did pleased
them since whatever the king did pleased
them since whatever the king did pleased all the people for all the people and
all the people for all the people and
all the people for all the people and all Israel understood that day that it
all Israel understood that day that it
all Israel understood that day that it had not been the Kings intent to kill
had not been the Kings intent to kill
had not been the Kings intent to kill Abner the son of nur
Abner the son of nur
Abner the son of nur then the king said to his servants do
then the king said to his servants do
then the king said to his servants do you not know that a prince and a great
you not know that a prince and a great
you not know that a prince and a great man has fallen this day in Israel and I
man has fallen this day in Israel and I
man has fallen this day in Israel and I am weak today though anointed king and
am weak today though anointed king and
am weak today though anointed king and these men the sons of Sura aya are too
these men the sons of Sura aya are too
these men the sons of Sura aya are too harsh for me
harsh for me
harsh for me the Lord shall repay the evildoer
the Lord shall repay the evildoer
the Lord shall repay the evildoer according to his wickedness